Products
Store
Partners
Affiliate
Support
  
 
TRY NOW
Overview
Solutions
Features
Demo
Get Quote
Resources
Support
✕

ManageEngine named a Challenger in the 2026 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for IT Service Management Platforms Read report

ServiceDesk Plus
>
IT help desk software pricing
Revitalize service management with ServiceDesk Plus
Deploy a top-notch ITSM platform to elevate your service desk efficiency
Get a personalized quote
Powerful plans to supercharge IT support
Showing for Cloud,
see for On-Premises
Technician / IT assets
Language
Multilingual
English
Only EnglishMultilingual
Subscription Period
Monthly
Yearly
YearlyMonthly

Note:

IT assets are only applicable to the Professional and Enterprise editions.
	
STANDARD
IT help desk
Starts from
US$ 13
/ technician / month
	
PROFESSIONAL
IT help desk + asset
Starts from
US$ 27
/ technician / month
	
ENTERPRISE
IT help desk + asset + change + projects
Starts from
US$ 67
/ technician / month

2 tech and 250 IT assets	US$ 0	US$ 645	US$ 1595
5 tech and 500 IT assets	US$ 0	US$ 1545	US$ 3895
10 tech and 500 IT assets	US$ 1545	US$ 2945	US$ 7795
20 tech and 500 IT assets
(1000 IT assets for enterprise edition)	US$ 3145	US$ 5945	US$ 14095
50 tech and 1000 IT assets
(2000 IT assets for enterprise edition)	US$ 6245	US$ 13945	US$ 27995
100 tech and 1000 IT assets
(2000 IT assets for enterprise edition)	US$ 10945	US$ 24945	US$ 38995
200 tech and 1000 IT assets
(3000 IT assets for enterprise edition)	US$ 19545	US$ 42845	US$ 59795
For single teams ?
	
For multiple teams ?



The pricing model above applies

	

Same pricing model as above applies to ServiceDesk Plus with the following conditions:

1. For each instance of ServiceDesk Plus, you can choose different license editions from among Standard, Professional, or Enterprise.

2. While using multiple instances, only one of those instances can leverage the free version of ServiceDesk Plus ?

Available add-ons
ADD-ONS
	
STANDARD
IT help desk
	
PROFESSIONAL
IT help desk +
asset management
	
ENTERPRISE
IT help desk +
asset management + change + projects

CMDB	NA	US$ 1595 / year	NA
Service catalog	US$ 1595 / year	US$ 1595 / year	NA
Project management	US$ 1595 / year	US$ 1595 / year	NA
Problem management	US$ 1595 / year	US$ 1595 / year	NA
Change and release management	US$ 3195 / year	US$ 3195 / year	NA
Live chat	US$ 65 per tech per year	US$ 65 per tech per year	US$ 65 per tech per year
More
Questions Before Signing Up?
What kind of payment methods do you accept?

We currently accept payments via Visa, MasterCard, and American Express. We also accept payments via PayPal (you must have an account with PayPal) and bank transfer for yearly subscriptions. For further details, please contact sdp-ondemand-support@manageengine.com. You can also purchase your ServiceDesk Plus' cloud version subscription through a local ManageEngine partner in your region. Please click here for the complete list of partners.

How do I upgrade from a free account to one of the paid plans?

Sign in to the application. Click on the "Subscriptions" link at the top right portion of the GUI to upgrade your plan.

How does pricing work?

You pay for the number of administrators and technicians. There is no restriction on the number of IT end users. If you use IT asset management, you pay for the number of IT assets managed.

Who should I contact for sales-related questions?

If you have questions on pricing, please write to sales@manageengine.com.

Do you store customers' credit card information?

We do not store your credit card details. See our privacy policy.

Can I upgrade or downgrade at any time?

Yes. You can upgrade, downgrade or cancel at any time.

How much does technical support cost?

We do not charge for technical support as it is part of your subscription cost. We offer 24X5 support, except public holidays. You can reach our support through phone and email. Call us toll free on: US : +1 888 720 9500 | Intl: +1 925 924 9500 | Email us at: sdp-ondemand-support@manageengine.com.

Where can I view your terms of service and privacy policy?

You can view the details at terms of service and privacy policy.

Can I purchase more than 10,000 IT assets?

Yes, you can purchase additional IT assets beyond 10,000 if needed. Please contact our team at sales@manageengine.com to purchase additional IT assets.

FAQs related to Enterprise Service Management
General
Right now I have separate licenses for ServiceDesk Plus' cloud version in different departments. How is this different from the service desk instances in ServiceDesk Plus' ESM feature?

Unlike multiple ServiceDesk Plus licenses, with ServiceDesk Plus' ESM feature you get a unified view of all your service desks in one centralized portal. To learn more, visit https://www.manageengine.com/products/service-desk/enterprise-service-desk-management.html.

How do I add new service desk instances?

Go to ESM Directory in the top right corner of ServiceDesk Plus, then click on Service Desk Instances to add new service desk instances or view existing ones.

How many service desk instances can I run simultaneously?

You can run up to 15 service desk instances at a time.

Trial
Can I try multiple service desk instances for free?

Yes, we offer a 30-day free trial for every service desk instance.

What happens to the service desk instances when my free trial expires?

Once your free trial expires, your service desk instances are deactivated and you'll no longer be able to access them. If you need more time to evaluate an instance, just contact our team at sales@manageengine.com.

Purchase
Can I choose a different edition for new service desk instances?

Yes, regardless of your current edition, you can choose among any of our Standard, Professional, Asset, or Enterprise plans for the new instance.

You offer a 5 technician free license for the Standard edition of ServiceDesk Plus. Can I have multiple service desk instances all using the free allotment of techs?

No, you are only allowed to have one service desk instance that uses the free allotment of technicians. For all other instances, you'll need to pay based on the number of technicians and IT assets you use.

Can I buy add-ons for one particular instance?

Yes, you can buy add-ons specific to one service desk instance.

How much does technical support cost?

Technical support is available for free to all paid customers. Free edition users can subscribe to our support service by paying an annual maintenance fee of $35 per tech.

Billing
How are my service desk instances billed?

Each service desk instance is billed based on technician count and the number of IT assets. Subscriptions are billed on your choice of a monthly or yearly basis.

Can I have different billing cycles for different service desk instances?

Yes, you can choose a different billing cycle for each of your service desk instances.

Do you offer any discounts?

Yes, we offer a discount for our yearly subscriptions.

Compare ServiceDesk Plus Cloud vs On-Premises
Contact sales
Book a demo
Unleash the power of 360° ITSM
Sign up
(Cloud)
 Download
(On-Premises)
Features
Incident management
Problem management
Service catalog
Change enablement
Release management
IT asset management
CMDB
Project management
Software asset management
Software license management
Purchase management
Reports and dashboards
Free guides
ITSM
Help desk software
ITIL incident management
Self-service portal
ITIL problem management
ITIL change management
ITIL service catalog
IT service desk
IT help desk ticketing
ITIL knowledge management
ITIL service request
IT support
Next steps
Book a free demo
Contact sales
Download
Sign up
Other products
ServiceDesk Plus Cloud
ServiceDesk Plus MSP
AssetExplorer
SupportCenter Plus
 
Live Demo 
Compare 
Get quote
About us
EULA
Terms of service
Security
Compliance
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Affiliate program
Newsletter
Contact sales
Our offices
Global (English)

© 2026 Zoho Corporation Pvt. Ltd. All rights reserved.

Contact sales
Book a demo
Talk to ITSM experts
Book a demo
We're Online!

How may I help you today?